hello everyone with you mister from 5 and today
show my second homemade rhino or
you can say 3 well homemade done
remake pro new movie new
spiderman high voltage who
saw
can understand me still want to say that
you remember in the last issue about the paper
sorry but the issue with mini figures
Irina I took off in one day so a couple
a couple of issues i sizo denis is not about that
so here it turned out that is in the window
about where not everything was filmed in one
the day that is now I will show you
homemade with talk about it and everything
I will describe everything in detail
homemade done remake completely
This film is there to meet
rhinoceros that is Rena Russian such of
Russian armor
form of a tank now they are detailed noise and
will tell so let's start from the back on
his back is like a spine
there is a talent that goes to the neck here
also there is an armor
then down below also has persisted
special extra matrons so
here comes with us I wanted to do that
type of rhino I did not work took
pride and had such item
We understand how on it as you realize
sits down
Alekseevich if you know again and
last name is wrong if you don't know you
look on the internet who is on time
or riina to maria el
and also armor here is a new code uses
design frankly
now even show here if you can see
that's basically
foliation of two bodies that is, frames with
using a single piece using a pear
Uterus Circuits Anna
two bodies only back to me
occurs that is here I have a star from
gender section here is a red star here and
so all machine guns tobacco fire them what was
Likely machine guns two
rhinoceros paw well as in the movie such
saw her legs too
In principle, the legs are small but so done
According to the film, there is such a moment when studying
and rhino if you liked everything in
principle what else to talk about him
paw armor
machine guns paws also on the legs body helmet
armor armor
there is also a man sitting here and everything
such as but still want to show it
that is, I did not try it all
do he wanted to try
in the film he is still on 4 on four legs
move try to do if not
it will turn out that we remove with machine guns
so made up days and paws were
here, too , and also clean machine guns here
so we did put the paws here
also of the same type of something like that so
something like this turns out to be a knife like
no decide just like that themselves
it turned out rock, too, he somehow did it
I really like how I did it
All if you have not seen Rena from the movie
taught high voltage tight can
give a link in the description to one group
where you can find all photos and news
About the beginning until 2 and generally about
spiderman about the movie much more
and also you can know i'll tell you
the film will be released in cinemas therefore 24
April, I will remember the crow
or 2 ma do not know how we so well, like
all with you was mr egor 45
subscribe to my channel and wait for new ones
homemade
like everything all bye by the way soon he
many excerpt pro by intrusion
with the abyss it is so hard there with the rig
car and chase shorter see everything to everyone
until